Last time on yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
YUMA: Hope I didn't keep
you waiting too long!
Trey: You'll wish you never came
here at all once you see the new
power that I've acquired.
Meeting your family and seeing
you together made me think,
about my own family.
I want to see them all
happy like they used to be.
But I can't help them as long
as you're standing in my way!
TOGETHER: Let's duel!
pfirst I'll see if the powers I
preceived from vetrix pay off.
pit's incredible!
pi can see astral clearly!
What's wrong?
I'm just trying my new Power on
for size, so I can destroy you!
Astral: Yuma!
My golden key!
What's going on?
Yuma, what is wrong?
Tell me.
I can't win this.
It's totally impossible.
His unstoppable
spirit no longer exists!
And what's more,
yuma cannot see you!
Yuma, you must not give
in to fear or doubt!
Listen!
You can't help him anymore!
You're through!
Now, machu mech!
Destroy Gagaga magician!
Yuma, please hear me!
It's done.
I've separated yuma
and astral for good.
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
no!
Now, let's see if you've
got the guts to defeat me.
Come on.
I... I can't.
I'm too scared.
Stand up and fight me, yuma.
It's your turn.
I told you to stand up!
You coward!
No! I won't!
I'm not strong enough to take on
monsters as terrifying as yours!
Cathy: C'mon yuma!
Flip: What's he up to?
Caswell: What's wrong?
Bronk: Hey, yuma!
Will you quit goofin' around?
Get it in gear!
You gotta draw a
new card like now!
Oh Yeah. It's my turn.
I hope I don't mess this up.
Here I go.
I summon...
I don't know which card to pick.
Guess I'll just
forfeit the duel.
Without the sense of adventure
you got from your father,
you can't feel the flow!
I don't get it.
What's wrong, yuma?
I not only took your
friend's confidence,
but his most
important ally, too.
See for yourself!
TORI: It's astral!
What's he doin' up there?
I used my new powers
to immobilize him!
And I also turned yuma
into a quivering coward!
What a lowdown move!
That guy's a real snake!
Yuma, you gotta
fight to free astral!
He's too cowardly to fight.
Yuma's turned into a quitter.
But if you think
I'm gonna let you off
the hook that easy,
you're wrong!
Cause I'd rather break you
and take everything from you.
But Trey...
This is the end, yuma!
Of your last
duel ever!
You're through!
Look out!
Yuma Can still pull through
'cause he's got gogogo golem.
I don't think so
because I'm playing this!
Chronomaly Mud golem!
Since Yuma's golem can't
be destroyed in battle
when it's in defense
mode, you guys thought
he was safe.
But yuma's anything but safe!
Alright mud golem,
attack with Lectro laser!
Check this out, yuma!
Due to mud golem's
special ability,
if it has more attack
points than your monster's
defense points, you take
the difference as damage!
Next up I'm using my
heart of stone spell card!
It lets my monster
do even more damage!
With this spell, if mud golem
failed to destroy your monster
in battle, it can attack again!
Okay, mud golem!
Take out gogogo golem
with another Laser blast!
Yuma!
Now to complete my victory!
It's time, machu mech!
Attack With Meteor meltdown!
Yuma!
I'll use the last of my
strength... to remind you...
you must feel the flow!
You must remember who
you truly are, yuma!
pwhat is all this
pstuff I'm seeing?
pcan I really be this strong?
I wonder if... yes!
I summon gagaga gardna!
Block that attack!
Block it?
That's an incredible move!
Yuma was able to call
up gagaga gardna
'cause he's being
attacked directly!
Oh, no!
Yuma!
How did he think
to use that card?
Of course!
Astral helped him.
I have had it...
with your interfering!
He can't take it!
the energy's too intense!
Be gone!
Do not give up, yuma!
No!
Now you'll have to survive
this duel on your own, yuma.
Hang on!
It's okay, bronk!
Don't forget,
this is all virtual.
Even if yuma falls,
he won't really get hurt.
Wrong, Caswell!
If yuma let's go of the edge,
he's fallin' for real!
Oh Yeah, that's right! Oh no!
How could I forget?
This place is actually a
superhighway that's under
construction over the ocean!
Yuma, hang on!
Gotcha!
Let's Reel him in, you guys!
Why are you guys helping me?
Cause we're your pals!
Don't you remember, yuma?
But I thought none
of you liked me.
Sure we do.
A lot!
That's why we're friends!
And always will be!
Man, you're a lot
heavier than you look.
It looks like Trey's been
messin' with your memory bank!
He's tryin' to make you believe
you're nothin' but a loser.
But the real yuma doesn't let
anything stand in his way.
You're the bravest guy that
I know and you never give up!
I'm trying to remember...
But I can't seem to...
I hate to interrupt
your powwow,
but I need to do
some Crowd control!
And now,
we can finally settle this yuma.
Sorry, but as long as you're
trapped inside that prison,
yuma can't hear you.
You skunk!
Let us out!
Yuma...
KAZUMA: It appears that
yuma's in grave jeopardy.
His opponent has
devised a devious plan.
Power alone won't be
enough to overcome it!
Yuma!
You must remember the most
important thing of all!
what?
And now yuma, remember!
Remember all that you
have learned from me!
pwait a minute...
pthat can't be me.
pi'm not brave or bold LIKE
pthe yuma I'm seeing here...
por am I?
pdid I do those things?
Yuma!
Catch!
pyuma,
premember everything
pi passed on to you!
premember who you truly are!
That's right.
I'm not scared of any challenge.
I just have to go for it!
I am feelin' the flow!
He's back to normal.
It's True.
I don't believe it.
You broke the
power of the crest?
That's right.
You can't erase the
things my father taught me.
I can!
By erasing you just
like I did astral!
Whadya mean?
Astral!
You tell me where astral is!
I already told you,
astral's been erased.
What does that mean?
It means he's gone.
And you'll never
see him again.
No way!
I don't believe you, Trey.
Then you don't
believe your own eyes.
You saw him vanish yourself.
He never stood a chance.
Unfortunately, my new Powers
WERE too much for astral.
You're lying.
That's not True!
It's just like all the other
lies you put inside my head.
I'm right guys...
aren't I?
I'm telling you,
he can't be gone...
there's no use
denying it, yuma.
You're never going to see
your friend astral again.
Astral...
there was no other choice, yuma.
I must win this for my family.
Now, let's finish our duel.
We'll play out these
last moves with the
help of my chronomaly
City babylon field!
It lets me banish my chronomaly
Aztec Mask golem from my
graveyard, so that I can summon
Cabrera catapult
in defense mode!
And now I hand
things over to you!
Too bad you only have
400 life points left.
And I have Cabrera
catapult and number 33:
Machu mech on my field!
You have no chance of
making a comeback now.
Especially since you don't have
your friend astral to help you.
I am gonna win this duel.
I'll do it... for astral!
I promise!
I'm gonna high five the sky!
No matter what happens to me,
your future is truly limitless.
pthat's right!
pastral is still with
pme... in my memory!
pand He always will be...
pas long as I remember all
pthe things he taught me.
First, you must understand
your opponent's strategy.
Even your most powerful deck
will be useless if you allow
your opponent to control
how the duel plays out.
ptrey's plan is to use
pcabrera catapult and
pmachu mech as a combo.
pif he pulls it off,
pit's game over.
Once you know your opponent's
strategy, shut it down.
pthat means I have
pto destroy Trey's
pcabrera catapult
por his machu mech!
What's that?
I see.
Astral must've left it for me!
The rest is up to you.
Feel the flow yuma.
I will.
I promise, astral!
I'll fight this duel
like you're still with me!
We'll win this thing...
and we'll do it together!
I activate the equip
spell gagagarevenge!
By doing that,
I'm able to return a
gagaga monster
from my graveyard!
C'mon back, gagaga magician!
But I'm not done yet!
I summon flelf!
It's as mighty as a cyclone!
Once a turn, I
can send a monster
in my hand to the graveyard,
and then flelf gets boosted
by that monster's level.
Overlay eater is level 2, so
when I send it to the graveyard,
that pumps up flelf to level 4!
This... isn't good.
And it's gonna get even worse,
'cause I'm gonna overlay flelf
with gagaga magician in order to
xyz summon NUMBER 39: Utopia!
That again!
Astral left me this
number to help me stop
you and to give me hope.
What hope?
You only have
400 life points left.
That doesn't matter.
If I had one point left,
I'd still keep trying
to win this duel.
I'll never give up Trey,
'cause I am so feelin' the w!
Now I activate the effect of
my equip spell, gagagarevenge!
Since I used gagaga magician to
xyz summon, my xyz Monster Gains
300 attack points, bumping up
utopia's strength!
You're all set, utopia!
Take it to machu mech!
Rising Sun TWIN blade blast!
Way to go utopia!
What?
How can you duel like
this... without astral?
You don't understand, Trey.
Astral will always be a
part of me no matter what!
Nothing you can do to
me will change that.
It doesn't matter.
Your luck is all used up!
You're the one out of luck!
I still have plenty of
surprises up my sleeve.
You'll see!
Here's how a great
duelist gets it done!
I tribute my Cabrera catapult
so I can summon
chronomaly Sol monolith!
By Summoning my monolith,
I can pick another monster on my
field and change it to level 6!
And that's what I'm
gonna do to mud golem!
Then I'll overlay my level six
mud golem with my Sol monolith!
With These two monsters,
I build the overlay
network and xyz summon!
It's hopeless, yuma!
You and your puny monsters are
about to get squashed like ants!
Reveal Yourself, number 6:
Chronomaly atlandis!
Whoa... I'm
in big time trouble now.
That's an all new number.
Now atlandis, it is time!
Atlandis Can equip itself with
a number card from my graveyard
and gain its attack points!
You're equipping it
with machu mech?
That's right!
5000 attack points?
How is yuma gonna survive
an attack by that?
Atlandis, take out utopia!
Eternal devastation!
Utopia, now, use an overlay
unit to stop that attack!
Go Light wing shield!
Yeah!
Hold it!
Atlandis has more
power than you realize!
It's gonna use
Its other ability!
And you're taking a direct hit!
By Using one overlay unit,
atlandis wipes out
half your life points!
Orichalcum gate!
Yuma!
I knew you'd never
survive without astral!
This Duel is over!